Add support for session affinity during weighted routing with Istio (#1280)
fluxcd/flagger: docs/gitbook/usage/deployment-strategies.md

triggering the primary (blue) rolling update, this ensures a smooth transition
to the new version avoiding dropping in-flight requests during the Kubernetes deployment rollout.

> ## Canary Release with Session Affinity

Reviewer: Please add a new line after each heading.

> ## Sticky Canary Release
> This deployment strategy mixes a Canary Release with A/B testing. A Canary Release is helpful when

Reviewer: Please rename the strategy everywhere to:
```suggestion
## Canary Release with Session Affinity

This deployment strategy mixes a Canary Release with A/B testing. A Canary Release is helpful when
```
